hey this is Jessica McFadden with a
parent in America and i'm here to show
you my tuesday morning holiday Hall of
Presley so you a beautiful Hall of
presents that I got for my kids and my
nieces and nephews the children on my
list a lot of the Tuesday mornings carry
the beautiful Middleton baby dolls I
have two girls and there's nothing like
Christmas morning opening a new doll I
love these because they're made
especially for kids they're meant to be
cuddled and held and played with their
four kids six months and up they're
washable and there's such a good deal at
Tuesday morning normally they would be
$45 right now they're just 1999 and a
good deal of a tuesday morning locations
across the country to scaring the UV
I've also found some great deals on
other dolls for my children such as
Madame Alexander dolls both the
collectors items but also the baby dolls
that they can play with I've also found
fabulous deals on Barbies Barbies are a
big in my house and the tuesday mornings
near me have a nice great tuesday
morning find are there awesome wooden
toys like this beautiful wooden kitchen
playset now this is the type of item I
would normally expect to find at a fancy
boutique or a green toy store but
tuesday morning has them to beautiful
quality eight pieces of Allwood kitchen
a sec at the beautiful quality of these
wooden pieces you have your frying pan
your socks pan
your stock pot you know beautiful wooden
cooking utensils kitchen when I quality
toy it's going to last through lots of
kids maybe even another generation but
so mark down a tuesday morning at
tuesday morning is just 1999 at that
boutique it would be 39 99 it's a great
deal i got it so i think you push em
y'all girls orphan young guys who are
into it are the littlest has some cats
and i just love how much this is mark
down you know at one of the other stores
this would be 1799 but i got it for 799
and i love that this will make the
littlest petshop collector in my life so
just like I already have pet shop items
they also have a good deal of star wars
items GI Joes action figure items that
are in those great brands that your kids
are looking for and asking for it for
christmas i found this really cool r2d2
item it's actually an r2d2 microscope
and my son is going to love checking
this out he's gonna love his favorite
Star Wars character and get this this
would normally be 24 99 at Target or
whatever and this is only 799 at tuesday
morning 24 99 2 799 tuesday my local
Jesus name running in the Washington DC
area also had some great gift sets of
puzzles these are all wooden puzzles and
like the Disney Pixar Cars theme this
one actually has two cars puzzles into
to Toy Story puzzles and they fit neatly
into this storage box it's just a great
learning but a fun gift to this would
normally be 1599 and i got it for 799
again another item that i love to give
families are family games it's so
refreshing to be able to pick one
beautiful item and just give it to an
entire family tuesday morning has a
great game selection especially right
now for the holidays
I love giving Trivial Pursuit games
especially the ones that have a wide
array of questions for all ages of
people and a family and this trivial
pursuit team game totally fits the bill
this would normally be 4999 at a store
other than tuesday morning but tuesday
morning 999 that is so much less and
just for less than ten dollars I can
give this to an entire family with
multiple children and parents and the
whole crew can open it together and it's
a great day morning it's one of my
favorite places to find small gifts and
stocking stuffers I mean my kids need
socks and underwear and toothbrushes and
i always put those in the stocking but i
love the selections at tuesday and
warning and they have some fun whimsical
socks up lots of little creatures and
stuff on them three packs fun items but
they're marked down so much more than
usual this 3 pack of socks would
normally be fifteen dollars at a
department store and it's fine to say
morning tuesday with most of my holiday
shopping this year i found beautiful
items for every single person on my list
including the children in my life they
had great toys I saved so much
everyone's gonna be happy and I'm gonna
be the happiest I feel so calm and not
stressed out this holiday season because
I went and saved sixty seventy eighty
percent off retail price I could find
gifts for every single member of my
loved ones every single member of my
family by just going to one store
Tuesday morning rocks